Docs: Add hint to arm64 AWS Lambda configuration layers (#20590)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/installation/ruby.md

    - Option A: [Configure the layers][1] for your Lambda function using the ARN in the following format:

      ```sh

>       # Use this format for x86-based library for AWS in commercial regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Use this format for x86-based Lambda deployed in AWS commercial regions

```

      arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-<RUNTIME>:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="ruby" >}}

>       # Use this format for arm64-based library for AWS in commercial regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Use this format for arm64-based Lambda deployed in AWS commercial regions
```

      arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-<RUNTIME>-ARM:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="ruby" >}}

>       # Use this format for x86-based library in AWS GovCloud regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Use this format for x86-based Lambda deployed in AWS GovCloud regions
```

      arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-<RUNTIME>:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="ruby" >}}

>       # Use this format for arm64-based library in AWS GovCloud regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Use this format for arm64-based Lambda deployed in AWS GovCloud regions
```
